PWA 12.5 docs (#143)
AdobeDocs/commerce-pwa-studio: src/pages/tutorials/events/custom-events/index.md

---
title: Custom events for Experience Platform analytics
---

# Creating custom events

> PWA Studio 12.5 adds an eventing framework to capture a set of default, everyday shopper interactions on your storefronts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The eventing framework introduced in the PWA Studio 12.5 release comes with a core set of storefront events related to various interactions with the application.
```

> You can also extend the framework by adding additional events to track user interactions beyond those in the default package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use PWA Studio's extensibility framework to modify your storefront and have it publish events not covered by the default set.
```

> PWA Studio provides a [sample extension](https://github.com/magento/pwa-studio/tree/develop/packages/extensions/experience-platform-connector/) that shows how to add a custom event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PWA Studio provides the source for the [Experience Platform Connector extension](https://github.com/magento/pwa-studio/tree/develop/packages/extensions/experience-platform-connector/) to show how you can add a custom event.
```

> In this sample extension, we added a `SEARCH_RESPONSE` event. This event fires when a search result or an `EMPTY_RESULT` response is returned from Adobe Commerce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This extension dispatches a `SEARCH_RESPONSE` event, which is not part of the default set. This event fires when a search result is returned in the application's search bar.
```
